c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\ExampleGame1.exe
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\ExampleGame1.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\ExampleGame1.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\ExampleGame1.exe
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\ExampleGame1.pdb
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\SharpDX\en-us\SharpDX.Properties.Resources.resw
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\ExampleGame1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\SharpDX.pri
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\SharpDX\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\Content\character.png
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\Content\crash.wav
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\Content\se_cat00.wav
c:\users\daniel\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\ExampleGame1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\facul_000\Desktop\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\Content\character.png
C:\Users\facul_000\Desktop\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\Content\se_cat00.wav
C:\Users\facul_000\Desktop\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\ExampleGame1.exe
C:\Users\facul_000\Desktop\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\ExampleGame1.pdb
C:\Users\facul_000\Desktop\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\facul_000\Desktop\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\facul_000\Desktop\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\ExampleGame1.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\facul_000\Desktop\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\facul_000\Desktop\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\facul_000\Desktop\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\facul_000\Desktop\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\facul_000\Desktop\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\facul_000\Desktop\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\facul_000\Desktop\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\facul_000\Desktop\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\ExampleGame1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\facul_000\Desktop\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\ExampleGame1.exe
C:\Users\facul_000\Desktop\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\ExampleGame1.pdb
C:\Users\facul_000\Desktop\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\SharpDX\en-us\SharpDX.Properties.Resources.resw
C:\Users\facul_000\Desktop\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\ExampleGame1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\facul_000\Desktop\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\SharpDX.pri
C:\Users\facul_000\Desktop\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\SharpDX\LanguageQualifiers.txt
C:\Users\facul_000\Desktop\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\facul_000\Desktop\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\facul_000\Desktop\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\facul_000\Desktop\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\facul_000\Desktop\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\facul_000\Desktop\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\facul_000\Desktop\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\facul_000\Desktop\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\facul_000\Desktop\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
C:\Users\facul_000\Desktop\ExampleGame1\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\ExampleGame1.exe
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\ExampleGame1.pdb
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\ExampleGame1.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\ExampleGame1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\ExampleGame1.exe
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\ExampleGame1.pdb
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\SharpDX\en-us\SharpDX.Properties.Resources.resw
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\ExampleGame1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\SharpDX.pri
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\SharpDX\LanguageQualifiers.txt
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\bin\Windows8\Debug\Content\character.png
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\Dictionary1.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\Dictionary1.g.cs
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\Daniel\Documents\GitHub\makinggames\ExampleGame1\obj\Debug\Dictionary1.xaml
